ALEC-225: ALEC docs: update intro chapter (#114)
OpenNMS/alec: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

:page-layout: home
:!sectids:

Welcome to the Architecture for Learning Enabled Correlation (ALEC).

> This guide provides information and procedures to understand and deploy advanced software concepts and components that make up ALEC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides information and procedures to help you understand and deploy the advanced software concepts and components that make up ALEC.
```

First launched in 2019, we built ALEC after several years of research and development.
The developer community played a significant role vetting the machine learning algorithms and deep-learning technologies that best fit OpenNMS and best correlated problems detected by their OpenNMS management systems.

Now, in 2022, we have revisited ALEC to improve it:

> * New UI for easier management and visualization of the alarms and situations ALEC presents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the UI for easier management and visualization of alarms and situations.
```

> * Situation timeline to visualize the time alarms started, for better root-cause analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the situation timeline to visualize the lifecycle of a situation's alarms, for better root-cause analysis.
```

> * Hellinger distance mechanism to detect which alarms are related.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Included the option to use Hellinger distance calculations with the clustering engine, to better detect relationships between alarms.
```
